README.md, before:

<p style="text-align: right;"><em>DATE: JANUARY - JUNE 2024</em></p>

# **Logic and Functional Programming**

## Teacher: Dr. Alcaraz Chavez Jesus Eduardo

This repository contains assignments and projects from the Logic and Functional Programming course at the Instituto Tecnológico de Morelia. It focuses on mastering algorithmic thinking using Lisp and Prolog languages. Explore code implementations, exercises, and solutions of logical and functional programming paradigms.

_______________________________________________________
_______________________________________________________

#### Student: López Lara José

#### Control Number: 19120194

* [x] Student Email: <l19120194@morelia.tecnm.mx>
* [x] Personal Email: <jose.lopez.lara.cto@gmail.com>
* [x] GitHub Profile: [JoseLopezLara](https://github.com/JoseLopezLara)
* [x] Linkedin Profile: [in/jose-lopez-lara/](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jose-lopez-lara/) 

_______________________________________________________
_______________________________________________________

<img src="https://jcubic.pl/img/lisp-alien.png" alt="Descripción de la imagen" style="border-radius: 40px;">

### Actividades realizadas:

1. [Activity 01: Maze Exercise](01_Maze/README.md)
2. [Activity 02: Islands Exercise](02_Island/README.md)
3. [Activity 03: Preorden and Posorden](03_preorden_postorden_expresions/README.md)
4. [Activity 04: Preorden and Posorden using binary trees](04_tree_binary_evaluation/README.md)
5. [Activity 05: Get the function from sequence](05_sequences/README.md)
6. [Activity 06: Practica 2 Tipos de datos y Disciplina de tipos](06_Practica_2_Tipos_y_Disciplina_Datos/README.md)

Commit message:

Finished Test 20 functions in clisp activity

README.md, after:

<p style="text-align: right;"><em>DATE: JANUARY - JUNE 2024</em></p>

# **Logic and Functional Programming**

## Teacher: Dr. Alcaraz Chavez Jesus Eduardo

This repository contains assignments and projects from the Logic and Functional Programming course at the Instituto Tecnológico de Morelia. It focuses on mastering algorithmic thinking using Lisp and Prolog languages. Explore code implementations, exercises, and solutions of logical and functional programming paradigms.

_______________________________________________________
_______________________________________________________

#### Student: López Lara José

#### Control Number: 19120194

* [x] Student Email: <l19120194@morelia.tecnm.mx>
* [x] Personal Email: <jose.lopez.lara.cto@gmail.com>
* [x] GitHub Profile: [JoseLopezLara](https://github.com/JoseLopezLara)
* [x] Linkedin Profile: [in/jose-lopez-lara/](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jose-lopez-lara/) 

_______________________________________________________
_______________________________________________________

<img src="https://jcubic.pl/img/lisp-alien.png" alt="Descripción de la imagen" style="border-radius: 40px;">

### Actividades realizadas:

01. [Activity 01: Maze Exercise](01_Maze/README.md)
02. [Activity 02: Islands Exercise](02_Island/README.md)
03. [Activity 03: Preorden and Posorden](03_preorden_postorden_expresions/README.md)
04. [Activity 04: Preorden and Posorden using binary trees](04_tree_binary_evaluation/README.md)
05. [Activity 05: Get the function from sequence](05_sequences/README.md)
06. [Activity 06: Practica 2 Tipos de datos y Disciplina de tipos](06_Practica_2_Tipos_y_Disciplina_Datos/README.md)
07. [Activity 07: 20 Functions in CLISP](07_20FuncionesCLSIP/README.md)
08. [Activity 08: 20 Areas and Volumens Functions](08_AreasYVolumenes/README.md)
